It was one of those mornings
when everything seemed to be going right.
In fact, this whole year was going right
ever since I got baptized.
My family is closer than ever.
I’ve made some good friends
in the congregation.
I even started a Bible study.
It felt good to let go of my fears
and serve Jehovah with everything I have.
But things can change very quickly.
Uh, I’m sorry.
You know what?
I think I saw Grayson
over the weekend on Saturday.
I think he might be one of those people
that tells you about the Bible.
One of those, uh—
You’re saying Grayson is a Jehovah’s Witness?
Yeah.
Let me go ask him.
Hey, Grayson?
Hey, how’s it going, Ron?
Did I see you on Saturday morning
over on Main Street?
Yeah.
You know, I’m one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
And what we do,
we go out and talk to people about—
I’m sorry.
I just don’t get it.
You’ll go knocking on strangers’ doors
to support your own religion,
yet you won’t stand and support this country.
Why don’t you people
get involved and make
a real difference for once?
I was really disappointed in myself.
I guess I hadn’t moved past
all my fears like I thought.
Later that night,
for family worship,
we sat down and discussed
our brothers who were in prison
for their faith.
Mom, why are they in prison?
They don’t want to fight;
they don’t want to kill people.
It really touched Aiden.
He was moved to pray for them that night.
His prayer touched my heart.
And with so much on my mind,
I couldn’t sleep.
So I decided to get up
and do some research.
I found some information
on the apostle Peter.
Despite his zeal,
he also struggled at times
with fear of man
like when he denied Jesus three times.
But eventually, he overcame that fear.
We strictly ordered you
not to keep teaching
on the basis of this name,
and yet look!
you have filled Jerusalem with your teaching,
and you are determined
to bring the blood of this man upon us.
We must obey God as ruler rather than men.
The God of our forefathers raised up Jesus,
whom you killed,
hanging him on a stake.
“Always ready to make a defense
“before everyone who demands of you a reason
for the hope you have”
—Peter focused on his hope,
not his fear.
Just like these faithful brothers
have been doing,
I want to be like them
and make Jehovah proud of me.
The next day I woke up,
and I was thinking about the apostle Peter
and our brothers
who were in prison for their faith.
And even though I was still a little nervous,
I felt ready to talk to Eric.
Hey, Ron, Eric.
Sorry I didn’t get a chance
to explain the other day,
but if you have a moment now,
I’d love to be able to talk to you.
I don’t want to hear it.
Sorry, Grayson.
And I thought that was it.
But it wasn’t.
Ron said he wanted to know more.
Maybe I’ll never completely
get rid of my fears.
But my love for Jehovah
and the example of his courageous servants
helps me to be ready to meet the challenge.
The other day I wanted to show you something.